# CSC111 Project 1: Text Adventure Game
This was a project we created for the CSC111 course at the University of Toronto (UofT) in 2025. We were tasked with creating a text adventure game involving tools such as linked lists and JSON files, and incorporating features like undoing, picking up items, and more.

Here is the beginning line that is displayed when the program is run, to explain what the story of the game is:
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
You and your friend had spent so much time finishing up your CS Project 1 in time for the 4pm deadline today. Your friend is quite busy, so you assure them that you will fix the remaining bugs and submit it in time. As the day goes by, you visit numerous locations, attending your own lectures, but finally have a few hours now to sit down and finish this thing. You decide to take a quick nap before you start to work... but there's only one way that can end. When you wake up you are exhausted, the nap did not help at all! You need to submit this Project! But, your laptop is dead, and the charger is missing! So is the USB that stores all of your game files, so is your G-Fuel that you need to wake you up, and so is your Lucky Mug that your parents got you before you left for school, that you always drink your G-Fuel out of! There's also something else missing, but you can't quite remember what... I'm sure you'll figure it out while you look for the rest of your things. You're running out of time, and you need to get this submitted. Your friend is counting on you. Can you find all of your items, and submit it in time?
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
For more information on running the program, or how it works, please see the report.
